channel friends and guests today i will show
how to chop just you hello
we are about 16 fields
i took the nearest tree here shed and
I'll tell you how
the nearest tree from the bird game is not
tree falls
resistant tin soldier Tyumen 2
who did not even fall on one leg
ax with his ax from all sides of him
let's go will fall account in the first attempt not
unable to pull up the best squad
headache
Well, the fruit of the tree and let me believe so
go yourself
so well that she is something chickens climb with
the other side is absolutely not operated on
wrong you uncle fedor and into a tree
pilish I for such other accessory flight I
I have no doubt Alice there pick up
eventually edgar five times I saw a tree and
the music did not fall for centuries
she branches for the old hooked it
the law from the air exactly what she fell for
parked car
she fell bryk another small victory
and from the city 3 friends
so interesting to try soon
or again have to suffer once
taxi ax takes not only
chainsaw hell so all you need is just so
it is necessary to take from you this same euro tour
farming simulator
whether buy this simulator foresters
someone was called 2 years old yes
vodka then we go there boils with you 3456
trees continue
filing yes just maybe
did anyone ever beat a litter like
will come in handy
Eventually
maybe some even try first
dirk article will fall
and when you sat down did everything
there was a piece of the subject
stupidly saw this porsche no then i'm on
in fact it is post processing processing
health in fact it is different
one side and be able to
the main thing to meet
cut in
and then still it is necessary from this
received all were doing possesses
natusik will arrive by the way I did not understand
there is this moonshine for processing
yes it is worth as you go it's all very
the road will not pay off soon considering not a
If you find on the sawdust and hare the body channel
I did not check
how many saws see well if valuable
wood
mister golts sawdust more than if
he will run away
five-liter started before
and almost immediately after the bing cart
800 new start date not sawdust in the game
no longer light i'm half an hour fucking
dear it turns out in the same container
the conveyor needs almost to leave
Only not hidan and theoretical rain
I know they looked before the truth
before the release of the 15th farming there are a lot of things
you led
Here for example this way Inger which
maize for silage it is only in raincoat 1.1
higher top header for this not holland
went into the cloak 11.
that is, a lot of things did not add any here
what kind
Saw Hammer then this one that dung
electron spreader who
cultivated immediately too
and a barrel he is also in a coat 1.1 much
him a ballad
Well, some worms are cooler and you saw that
what can the reaper trolley tolerate too
this gesture even here it bent that is
he bought them for them just and I look
colors can be changed too, all sorts of different
I generally disassembled
be some kind of well what's left two trees
16 main aim and where are you
you work on the ice before you sit here i decided
knock out
became a field and the task like now
we recoup their fellow pull up
the last tree left which
I'll cut it down as I fall I will go
yes and how not to come on come on come on come on
dropped and on this our video chopping
trees around us became a field
I consider it closed only to work
trees well, I think it will be
next and masochist next video like
i will jump around every tree
tried to cut the chainsaw circles
friendship
thanks to everyone who watched everyone bye bye